- [Instructor] And now we're going to run
our cAdvisor container.
So we'll refer to our exercise notes.
Let's run our cAdvisor.
So here docker run in a detached mode.
Name is cAdvisor.
Is accessible on port 8080.
There are some volume mapping,
and then finally, as a cAdvisor container by itself.
So let's run it.
Of course, it will not find the image,
so it's going to download the image for us
as another short image, so the image comes out very well.
Let's look at the container listing.
Cadvisor is running well for us,
and our dashboard as we expected,
should be at localhost column 8080,
so let's take a look at that.
This is probably cached from a previous run.
Let's refresh it, and here it comes.
So now it's showing me the cAdvisor dashboard.
So all my Docker Containers are going to be shown over here.
It shows me the status for CPU, and memory,
how much reservation is done for memory,
how many CPU shares are available.
It shows that this is an eight core machine.
You can look at the existing usage for CPU processes,
the core usage, the usage breakdown,
similarly the same thing for memory,
same thing for network, and finally, for file system.
Now let's start up a container and see what that gets us.
So let's go to the top here, look at /docker,
and see that there is only one subcontainer
running over there, and that's likely
our cAdvisor container.
So now let's run a Couchbase container,
and see how this thing changes.
And in this case we don't need any port forwarding
because we are not accessing it,
but if we were to access it, then we will
define the port forwarding like this,
and we have seen this multiple number of times,
and as a matter of fact, let's do the port forwarding here.
We can make some changes, and then see some live results
in the cAdvisor dashboard.
So once again, docker container run in a detach mode,
db, port forwarded, arungupta/couchbase.
Let's look at the logs,
and let's follow the logs this time.
Well, while the logs are being refreshed,
let's look at our cAdvisor dashboard.
It's showing only one container here.
Now if I refresh it, it's showing me two containers here,
and if I go back to my terminal,
the container is up and running,
and if I say docker container ls,
my Couchbase container has the container id
starting with 6e1, so this is 6e1,
so this gives me more details
about the Couchbase container itself.
So now I'm getting specific detail about what's happening
in the Couchbase container realm.
So the usage, the CPU usage, usage per core,
usage breakdown, same thing for memory,
network, and file system.
Now I can open up another tab here.
I can log into Couchbase Container,
sign in here, go to the data buckets,
create a new data bucket if I want to.
Couchbase is a no SQL database,
but we can easily create a primary index on it.
So I'm going to go to the query tab here,
and I'm going to say create primary index on docker,
so that's going to create a simple primary index,
and that's my primary index here,
and now Couchbase also supports a SQL like query language.
So I can just say select * from docker bucket.
Well, of course there is no document in there,
so it returns zero, result count zero, result size zero,
but all this functionality is good.
That's what you would be doing in a typical real world,
but how does it relate to cAdvisor?
Now if I go ahead and you can see,
this is all refreshed for me automatically,
and you can see how the CPU usage,
the memory usage is differing based upon
how exactly it's being utilized.
So this is good to know that as you are working
in your application, the cAdvisor
continuously refreshes the data.
Now, one of the important parts that you want
to understand is cAdvisor only stores data for 60 seconds.
After that it's gone, so you really need
to start backing it up with InfluxDB for example,
which is a time series database.
You can start saving the data from cAdvisor to InfluxDB
if you are not full time series
or how the container has been performing.
So in this section, you looked at
how we can use Prometheus, which is inbuilt into docker 113,
and how you can use cAdvisor for container monitoring.
Now before we wrap up, let's make sure
we go back to our terminal, and clean up the containers
that we're running.
So docker container ls, docker container rm - f,
docker container ls - aq.
All and quietly remove the containers,
and once again list the containers.
None is running.